terraform: update AWS LB permissions (#3681)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/reference/migration.md

echo "All specified rules have been deleted."
```

## Migrating from CLI versions before 2.21.1

### AWS

> * AWS clusters that utilize `LoadBalancer` resources require additional IAM permissions. Please upgrade your IAM roles using `iam upgrade apply`. This will show necessary changes and apply them, if desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AWS clusters that utilize `LoadBalancer` resources require additional IAM permissions. Please upgrade your IAM roles using `constellation iam upgrade apply`. This will show necessary changes and apply them, if desired.
```
?

> * AWS clusters that utilize `LoadBalancer` resources require additional IAM permissions. Please upgrade your IAM roles using `constellation iam upgrade apply`. This will show necessary changes and apply them, if desired.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* AWS clusters that use `LoadBalancer` resources require more IAM permissions. Please upgrade your IAM roles using `constellation iam upgrade apply`. This will show necessary changes and apply them, if desired.
```
reviewdog
